hello how about a presents 2000 new
video that we are going to do in this case
let's make some California wicks
that had extended us a lot that talks
make half of the ear down
we will try to do it work
taxing wicks you will see in explanation
we will do paw formation and still not
I want to get it to stand out well
I will not have a color price is
natural now we have less a tone
Blonde like mine is worth saying that
we started to work
since we have prepared the model the
we have plotted for them and not be
spoil your clothes with everything that is
product and that we have already done
made some partitions in the whole head
separating the front part of the
back and as you see here so that
for this, to be able to work freely
moment the back and then
continue with the front that
we have prepared as you see I have prepared
some papers of square and a decoration
as I put 10 centimeters of powder
to decorate and 20 centimeters of water
oxygenated to 20 volumes is not necessary
more volumes not for more volumes we
will go up more not what we have to
to do is that the hair does not stay
punished we were textured and take us
a nice color ok let's start with
the area below you see that it is the
final partition and what I'm not going to do
is to color everything because as
We have said we will make the wicks
California wick
let's give him a tricot that
some and some but that is not very little
and some thick and some do not
here we do not leave it down and what if
we pick up in this case I will not prepare
or anything because as you will see me at
put the product you have already
selecting more pieces shelters chunks
below so I can not be seen where
begins and where it ends with the tip of the
brush and start be higher than
lower is higher
and now yes applied we already do
and so we will do it successively
in the goals to the height of the ear
at the height of the ear where we have
to watch and do it in a different way
As we will see later on, come this
next partition we will leave it also
little hair down but we'll leave
some free piece without catching
so that we mix a little color
with the color you also want to do
I want to say with this that now in
this next partition I will leave
all that free hair strip and here I
I'm going to put the color
we mean a system of before
do not see everything equally
but a little bit here around here
is not everything starting from the
same
up is down up
you always consider the height of the
ear can not raise us anymore
under the towers to all
that does not make you here because if you play here
down and this without dirty stain and ice
above always here pull the hair to
up a little bit here up down
and we also mark
if not we do up
we just got this side
we will mark the next
that we will do the same the next
leaving also another free finny lock
and taking the following whole
when we arrived at the cone since already
We are half ear what we will do
is for although we make the separation with
the brush to say 1 yes or no we're going to
slightly prepare the root
so that we still have a little more
unequal
and with the rest and with the rest what
will
is to put pots of taiwan and go back to
apply to what is the good product
as you see now we are already in the part
higher and here we're not going to go up
I repay up slightly each time
let's have more root chunk and less
of tip because because what we
interesting is to get here until the
cheekbone and earbone cheekbone not
climb up here up
and in this first one we will be staying
the root of dark and the clear tip and
as you see unevenly
well we have all the assembly done and
as we see we have been leaving some of
the loose things but what we're going
to do now is with the same comb
let's go a little bit so that
give us a little light so far
On top of that, give us a little light
we just run out of color
and once this is done we will put five or
seven minutes of heat
and wait to go down well
you see here here we have our result
end and teach you not to lengthen
the video and when doing it unscrew as
you see you do not see the cut of a line
color or another but that in a very
natural that we have been degrading
devastate not so clear because we have not
left so long
the California wicks what a difference
there is with the color Californian with
color calzones we are all shined by
equal and in return if he knew record
diana we have her color mixed with the
we've done to me I love me
It looks great and you think
wait